Lenin created you in what year, Lord, ninety-one, Ukraine became Ukraine, that is, in what year did Lenin create Ukraine, let’s finally stop in the ninety-first year, and Lenin created Ukraine in the ninety-first year, yes, yes, yes, I understood, yeah, and then he also turns out to be Russia in ninety first created the Soviet Union collapsed And these are all products of the Union Good afternoon DOB, I’m asking people from Russia how you feel about the war in Ukraine, we don’t have a war, you don’t have it And we have a negative war in Ukraine, it’s bad, that is, you think it’s wrong that Putin led the troops of Ukraine, yes correctly. So you said that this is bad. Well, we don’t have war. And what do you have, I understand, but you are forbidden, you have a fine if you Natya were in you, let me, I don’t want to participate in yours, here’s your stream, I I’m not streaming for literally 30 seconds I’ll answer your question Yes, that’s why you support this special operation because it’s time 8 years is enough 8 years of peacefully trying to persuade you to implement the Minsk agreements you chose a different path And what was in the Minsk agreements Well, you can study It seems to me that everything is available on the Internet now No, well, you’re saying that you will support it because we can’t, well, at least stop the fire in Donbass. So, what was burning there? Yes, no. People themselves are exploding, children are dying there. Yes, that’s just what we have - people were dying Yes, the Russians also came up with a system for themselves Yes, good And how many people died in the Donbass last year For example, unfortunately I don’t know the exact numbers, I think that in my opinion 133,000 is enough for this, which is some kind of cosmic numbers, but look, Now, in 2 months, Russian troops have completely destroyed, for example, Mariupol Yes, 400,000, you think this is correct. If your militants had not been sitting in residential buildings in schools, they had not been hiding, then it seems to me that the damage would have been less. Where should our militants be meeting? Well, of course, in kindergarten hide And then yell that it is broken This is a kindergarten so look there all the houses are broken in Mariupol there is not a single one intact because there was a meat grinder, that is, militants were hiding in every house so Well, let’s not say that in all the houses and at the moment Mariupol is broken 60% if I'm not mistaken because I literally read for a few days that 60% of residential buildings are no longer suitable for habitation Yeah, it's not 100%, but 40 are intact, completely intact Not Ushkodzhen, well, I didn't count, maybe some are intact, some are not intact, good, but look at your grandfather fought in the war, for example, look where, for example, when Moscow was defended from the Nazis, where the Soviet troops were in Moscow, in my opinion, it all ended in Berlin, well, when you look, the blockade of Leningrad was there, Stalingrad, where my Soviets were, they were actually in Leningrad in the city In Stalingrad, the Germans came to us on our territory, and that’s why the Soviet troops were in the cities. So where did they go? Well, the Germans came, in any case, reasonable people would do their best to prevent any destruction [music] I think that then people were a little more noble than now, that is, it turns out that the Soviet Union you have Nazis, let’s also not need to tell you that this is not so, that we have propaganda there, I still believe my eyes and the fact that they were recognized as Nazi. Look, I’m just you, you ran away from the answer, it turns out that Stalin was a Nazi, yes Stalin because he hid troops in the cities, so Stalin can’t be called a Nazi. Who is he? He’s a good person, would he be a Bloody Dictator? I think he’s a Bloody Dictator, and that is, it turns out he’s not a Nazi. Yeah, look, so the Soviet troops did the right thing when they were in the cities, or the wrong thing the fact that they were in the cities Yes, when the Germans attacked Well, they attacked the city, so I don’t know everything deeply enough to conduct things like this now, and our grandfathers defended themselves in the city in the same way. Our troops are defending right away, so you can ask a question, why do you have May 9 they canceled the great Yes, they didn’t cancel the dest in our calendar on May 9, yes seriously Yes, people celebrate you on May 9 And why are your monuments being demolished Wait and stop stop let’s let’s How much do you know you went to war So let’s also ask a question When did the first oh Second World War start when the thirty-ninth year began And what day is September 1st with How did the First Second World War begin with the attack on Poland who attacked Germany fascist and the other side who the Soviet Union Soviet Union Well, that is, the Soviet Union, together with Germany, uh, tore Poland apart so yes yes, it’s true, according to the ground pact yes yes yes I don’t argue yes yes that is, it turns out that the Soviet Union was also an invader to some extent yes yes that’s why look why the whole world celebrates the surrender of Germany on May 8 because it’s good That is, you before In 2014, everything was fine with you that they celebrate May 9, they carried out St. George's ribbons perfectly, there were St. George's ribbons, everyone lived well after 2014, well, look what year of birth it is, the eighth, and the St. George's ribbon is generally prohibited, but since what year have St. George's ribbons been worn in Russia, they are worn all the time No don’t always look what year of birth you are every de May What year of birth are you the ninetieth here is the ninetieth look in the nineties I have a photo where I am 7 years old and I had a St. George’s ribbon I was In the Soviet Union I was small there were no St. George’s ribbons like that Well, I don’t know how to photoshop it. Well, probably yes, this year, look at me. Let’s say, let’s say in Ukraine you don’t answer my question. You’re trying to slap the floor. Maybe I missed it. You don’t answer. Why are monuments to Soviet liberators being demolished en masse throughout Ukraine? Well, so as not to be a boss, for example, we’re demolishing Pushkin Yes, we’re demolishing why is Pushkin objectionable to you? Why do we need him? Well, that is, you don’t consider him some kind of outstanding person. And what city are you from? I’m from the Urals, from the Urals, here you are there is a monument to Shakespeare in the city No Why? Because It’s too far, but if we had a monument to Shakespeare it wouldn’t bother me in any way, but you don’t consider him an outstanding person Why don’t you erect a monument to Shakespeare Well, because this is not our figure at least Well and Pushkin Not our figure Why do we need Pushkin in Ukraine During the USSR, for some reason he was mandatory in your educational program And what does the USSR have to do with us in Ukraine and Ukraine was not with No look Wait, under the USSR you would have been forced to go out on May 1st and what does this have to do with it, that is, due to the fact that there was an educational program for us Pushkin, well, this monument was erected During the times of the USSR, most likely, and well, the logical chain can be, I want to understand your logical, I’ll explain it well, that is, during the time when we were all one state, you They treated Pushkin very well, he was up to date. I think absolutely all the people in Ukraine knew his works, many of his poems by heart, just like in Russia, just like in Belarus, in Kazakhstan, in all the republics of the Supreme Union, but now we are demolishing Pushkin, demolishing monuments to liberators military You also demolish That is, you renounce your history Although Ukrainians died there in the war, also look at about 500 people, why do you also deny everything and you know how they say that people who deny their past do not have a future Well, it seems to me that everything goes towards this, look at who they were here are your ancestors, so your ancestors, so our ancestors, not I’m talking about your Russians, rather different states, now we come from the same state, when we became one state with you, we were one state And when we became de years Well, when did we get into this to the Soviet Union And when we got to the Soviet Union in what year did Lenin create you what year Lord ninety-first Ukraine became Ukraine, that is, Lenin made Ukraine in de year Ukraine gained some kind of independence after Wait, how did Ukraine appear in the Soviet Union Soviet Union yes Let's see I don't know I'm already interested I also understood In ninety-one we fell off because Lenin something Well come on If you are aware Tell me because you say that we have always been one state Ukraine was one of the republics of the Soviet Union And how she got into this Soviet Union in what year I now want to read about it Because I can’t answer this question I’m not used to writing, let’s you tell me something else for now I don’t want to distract you from so you can concentrate on searches because these are scientific searches they require intellectual and energy expenditures in the thirty-fourth year the capital of the Ukrainian USSR was moved from Kharkov to Kiev on December 5, thirty-six in connection with the adoption of the new Constitution of the USSR renamed the Ukrainian Soviet Social Republic on January 30 of this year in connection with the adoption of a new constitution, a new Constitution of the Usr was adopted, the history of Ukraine, in what year did Ukraine join the USSR and how many letters? For example, 100 years ago, years ago, Ukraine, in principle, there was no state. Look at the Ukrainian coin, at least one coin with the image of Ukraine before 1900 1900 there is some kind of then it started here Take it there Take it on Google Ukrainian People's Republic Ukrainian People's Republic It’s good if this is a state it should have its own currency Please show me at least one coin, look at it Look Google banknotes of the Ukrainian People’s Republic coins before 1900 I won’t say exactly what year it was yes it exists stop stop Wait, let's do this Russian Federation When the Federation was formed Yes Russian Federation I don’t know Here is your state in which you live When it was formed I don’t know I just don’t know exactly when the Russian Federation was formed as a Federation That is, you’re telling me you haven’t sorted out the issue of currency nene You’re just telling me about Ukraine And you don’t know when your state appeared no no the date is not good with dates I’m not a historian That is, you and you can show me the coins of the Russian Federation before 1900 yes the Russian Federation tion and Russia the Russian Empire And what about the Russian Federation What does it have to do with the Russian Empire? Well, because it’s all Russia, no, there was a Russian Empire, there was a Tsar, and then there was the February Revolution this year, Maidan, you made the Maidan and overthrew the legitimate Tsar, and then and then in October, your Lenin, and so the Tsar was shot and everything is ours Lenin Len, your Ukraine, the creation of the Russian Empire did not exist, that is, what does Russia have to do with the Empire of those territories, in principle, they were actually preserved? And what difference does the territory make, in fact, well, these are completely different states, everything. Here you are, you killed the law; territorial integrity, in principle, somehow it was preserved, let’s do this uh, that’s when the Russian Federation was created. I tell you, you can google it, you can google it, you can, I don’t know the date, please, I’m a sinner, I don’t remember, I don’t know. Google it and you’ll see that between the death of the Russian Empire and the Russian Federation there is some kind of hole, so what was there between what year is there a hole let's say between uh education uh Russian Federation let's say so the Russian there Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and the Empire there's some kind of hole and let's so what are you leading Well because your country once had nothing to do with the Russian Empire some kind of state a state that existed in the period from October 22 of the year until 1917 Well, that’s all of the Russian Empire this year the name has not changed the name no look what you are leading the final goal What Let’s just pose your own these questions for another interlocutor I’m doing too much devoted time to you Name the channel, then I’ll see how you do it all, I just communicate with people like that Well, yes, the channel Can be yours Yes, take Andriy popk channel again Andriy popok Andriy Andriy popok Now I’ll write to you, it’s very interesting, it turns out you don’t know when you created Russian Federation but you say you know that Ukraine was not there Lenin created us Yes, this is interesting to me, well after the collapse So it began to be called Russia, that is, well, well, the first year, well, Russia became Russia. In what year did Lenin create Ukraine, let’s stop it finally ninety-first year and Lenin In the ninety-first year he created Ukraine yes yes yes yes I understand Yeah and then he also turned out Russia In the ninety-first year he created the Soviet Union collapsed And these are all products of the Union And Lenin in Lenin I don’t remember what year I lived to see Well it turns out you are in the nineties were born In the ninety-first, it collapsed That is, it turns out that he still lived with you a little, so now I’ll look at it in the twenty-fourth year about 53 years old, so if he died in the twenty-fourth as he created Ukraine in the ninety-first, this is the Ghost of Lenin who died in what year in the ninety-first Ukraine turns out to be collapsed, it seems that I just found a lot of people who tell me that Lenin created Ukraine, that the history of modern Ukraine begins with the Revolution of the seventeenth year, this is also what you think is incorrect information, no, look, our history is much earlier a little earlier and even since the times of Kievan Rus and Kievan Rus was such a state but there was no such state Kievan Rus in history Kievan Rus is not a state but it was called a time period uh details designation of a time period when the capital of Rus' was Kiev Aha That is, but this is not a state ru this is a time period Like like the Middle Ages they say Yes, the Middle Ages, for example, yes, well, if it’s so convenient for you to make such an analogy for God’s sake, just the Middle Ages there is a time period, so I love it when people post videos like this, presenting themselves as a very smart, educated person and automatically ridicules I mean, you laugh at the moment So I’m reading what I said, yes, yes, that’s it, so you have a siren. I think it’s time for you. No, we’re here in a safe place in the basement, it just turns out, look, if Kievan Rus is this. That is, it turns out that Ukraine has nothing, but modern Kiev has nothing to do with Kiev. I’m reading I’ll finish reading now and answer your question Okay Lenin and the Bolsheviks agreed not only to the admission of Ukraine into the new union state as an equal with the Russian Federation, they generally preserved those borders of Ukraine with Russia that were defended by supporters of its complete separation, that is, according to Lenin that is, under Lenin there was already Ukraine because he agreed Yes, to take it to the Soviet Union so it turns out, or something like something like yes, let’s finish with Kievan Rus, it turns out Kiev, so this is what we have now So it has a historical relation to that Kiev who was from Kievan Rus so again, uh, let’s do Kiev, which is now Ukraine, uh, is related to that Kievan Rus that was there 1,000 years ago, I don’t know, but Russia is related to it, too, I won’t answer the question, you’re just saying that Ukraine I’m reading I’m reading I’m getting acquainted It’s interesting just if you look Let’s talk about money You’re talking Show me a coin for some reason I see for example from 1917 something before 1917 look let’s take one hryvnia so here is a picture of a prince so Prince Vladimir the Great so this is the one who baptized Russia in 1000 oh in 988 what year 988 Well, before 1918, no, I mean why Ukraine, we had statehood there 9 you yourself think that according to your information, Ukraine When Ukraine appeared, look, you say that the Russian Federation has something to do with the Russian Empire because I asked you somehow Answer my question question Ask formulate it again maybe I didn’t understand I asked you about the presence of any currency in Ukraine as Ukraine if you think that it appeared before 1918 That is, if this is a state. That is, she must have some money, so I wanted you to show me this money. Yes, look, it means that under the prince under Prince Vladimir the Great, there is a stamped one. Take the coins of Kievan Rus there. There would be Ukraine stop stop stop look at public education They they change the name You said that Russia is good in Russia, the ruble Well, that is, this ruble specifically now that we have in circulation, it appeared after the ninety-first year, and that is, before the ninety-first year, on any Yes on any banknote. That is, it is from the first day years before there was Russia there was other money Well, also with a different marking, so that is, this name reflects the name of this state, look at the question now for you. That is, you are saying that Ukraine existed before, even before the year 18. I’m asking a question. Please show me which one - some money, coins with the inscription Ukraine up to 198 I understand Yes, I understand the question but Let us then, so that I or correctly I understand your question completely, let’s do it then And when did Russia appear in general? Here is the money in Russia when it appeared Well, you can answer my question is a question on a question, this is the third time I’m trying from you, just Look, I just want to show you So, for example, your Russia is the territory on which you live. Until 1721, it was called something else, not Russia, really not the Russian Empire. Well, yes, yes. what was it called? You can answer my question without taking me in the other direction. Just let me answer and go to the other side. So look. Yes, under Kievan Rus, so the prince, stamped Russia was like this. It was like this. It was, yes, the state is called Kievan Rus. Well, it was called Russia call it Kievan Rus Yes, Kievan Rus is a state. Yes, the state is against it. If I now turn to Google, maybe I’m an idiot. Contact me, even though Google will tell me that Kievan Rus is a state. Yes. Well, let’s say the power was like this. Yes, on the territory of Vla, which coincides with part of Ukraine, some still entered modern Belarus for Kievan Rus, the time interval from de to the 11th century is generally a tic space, so now where are you even looking for Google Well, I entered Kievan Rus on Wikipedia while Kievan Rus is a medieval state in northeastern Europe, maybe not that Look on Google, we have one Google, it’s strange, it takes so long to search on Google, usually you enter Kievan Rus and immediately op I’m not Wikipedia not on Wikipedia And where are you looking Wait just a few days ago, I listened to the program with my eye, I heard with my eye, I heard with my ear, I looked at it. Cool, there’s a lot of damn things but I definitely remembered it Well, okay, I propose to end here Okay, subscribe to Mi Telegram right now axis vin and popk tse more and more respectfully YouTube taking us through skarg or in your ban and I don’t show too many videos to people often don’t show information about Stream Tomu for this purpose, we need to write Mali operational link directly for and pok there in telegra okm video sche tezh Tsikava and Korisna information and we on you sing the operational link carefully VD togo show you about it YouTube Slava Ukraine write